Constructor

	Resizer(element: HTMLElement)
	
		Generates an instance of Resizer.
		
			element element that will receive the resizing support
		
	


Properties

	Resizer.h: Integer Specifies the horizontal position of the anchor that is beeing dragged, where: 0 = left, 1 = middle, 2 = right.
	Resizer.v: Integer Specifies the vertical position of the anchor that is beeing dragged, where: 0 = top, 1 = middle, 2 = bottom.
	Resizer.po: Object Keep the coords of where the object was when the resizing started, contain 4 properties: x (left), y (top), w (width) and h (height).
	Resizer.o: HTMLElement HTML element associated to the resizer.
	Resizer.f: Array Array containing the movementation filters.
	Resizer.av: Boolean Tells if the drag anchors are visible.


Methods

	Resizer.update(void): void
	
		Forces the repositioning of the drag anchors.
	
	Resizer.showAnchors(show: Boolean): void
	
		Show/hide the drag anchors.
		
			show if true, show, otherwise hide the anchors
		
	
	Resizer.setAnchorClass(info: Object): void
	
		Sets up the CSS class for all or just some anchors.
		
			info
			accepts two types of input, if a String is passed: the class will set
			the class name of all the anchors with the passed string, the other alternative
			allow you to set just determinated anchors, just pass an object containing "magical"
			properties defined with CSS class names (look at the example), the properties are:
			se (southeast), e (east), ne (northeast), n (north), s (south), nw (northwest), w (west), sw (southwest)
		
	
	Resizer.addFilter(handler: Function(event: Event, resizer: Resizer): void): void
	
		Adds a movementation filter to the resizer.
		
			handler function to be added, it receives as argument the event object and the instance itself. The scope of the function (the "this" variable) has four properties: x (left), y (top), w (width) and h (height), by changing any of them, you also change the element coords
		
	


Events

	Resizer.onstart: function(event: Event): void
	
		This event is called when the resizing starts.
		
			event event object
		
	
	Resizer.onresize: function(event: Event): void
	
		This event is called while the element is beeing resized.
		
			event event object
		
	
	Resizer.onstop: function(event: Event): void
	
		This event is called when the resizing finishes.
		
			event event object
		
	
